Perks User Research
Conducted by Miriam Khenissi & Adarsh Raja 
Jan 2024

Our most newsworthy takeaways
😒

We were wrong about
-Power users being aware of all of our features, even some of the top users are only redeeming the same few perks again and again
🤩

We were right about
-Savings will have a positive impact on perks usage. 
-Users with the mobile app tend to be more engaged

😲

Surprises

-A lot of users are unaware of the mobile application, discount codes & links, gift cards and the ability to add them to your phone wallet


Awareness and proper training regarding platform features like the mobile app and different types of Perks are essential to maximize the utilisation of Perkbox.

6/9 interviewed users noted not being aware of the mobile app, this may indicate that others are also missing out on the convenience of mobile access. 
There was also a power user that was unaware that we do gift cards for weekly shopping and there was a presumption that gift cards could only be used online.

These highlight a broader awareness issue that suggests the platform could benefit from a robust introductory campaign. 
Such a campaign could be modeled on firsthand user experiences, like a users positive feedback about the January Bingo feature – an example of how engaging and timely content can drive platform usage.
Awareness & Training









Initiative: Savings calculator for grocery to include tips (app, phone wallet, discount codes)
Awareness & Training

Usability Concerns
Users have expressed that they face hurdles in navigating the platform, indicating a need for improved interface design and discoverability.

Examples: The fact that a user called for a search bar, even though one existed, suggests that some features aren't as user-friendly or discoverable as they might be. This insight can lead to a reevaluation of the user interface, perhaps even including walk-throughs or hints that can guide new users like Reece to less obvious yet essential features.

Some users are unaware of the different types of perks and don’t think they can utilise the platform if they don’t have Points


Usability Concerns









Initiative: Redesigning the search bar & adding a tour


Appreciation for savings
Users appreciate seeing the long-term value and savings facilitated by the platform.
Carlane’s desire to see savings over time reflects a broader user interest in not just immediate discounts but also long-term value. 
This echoes Dawn's behavior of actively calculating the amount saved, really punctuating the value users place on tangible savings. 
Sayfa's engagement with the platform for deals when reminded suggests the potential impact of an accumulative savings feature or a dashboard – giving a direct visual of deals utilised and savings accumulated, much like a financial fitness tracker.

Appreciation for savings





URL: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sV69_tCeF2pCfbefwJ1Tb_9Bz48nydi0wzZcTapCFBU/edit#slide=id.ge94975c0e7_0_21




Initiative: Savings tracker & Savings calculator for grocery shopping
